hey glasses elsewhere here and today
i'll be doing opening and with you on
the motion monks of Christmas present I
got with some of my money that my auntie
Hollie gave me so I have already taken
the Senate out of that as i started
another video and it taught me took me
quite a long time to try and get it off
so if you have this little tag on it so
it has the motion what's alone lower
there's mystery present and it says
includes full party surprise Moshlings
men inside it has two from anna message
and it has a party OD and a party and
Stanley so I'm going to be looking who I
have in the pink present with the blue
ribbon so let's open it and have a look
I got a pinky and I got the scamp I've
got plinky and I got cocky so I take
them out of the plastic rappin juicy so
here we have pookie with you i really
love cause he is execute and he is pinky
why not and Stan you i also love and
rocky who i think is quite cool and it's
just plain pink inside and then here it
has the mark of the ribbon bar so I pop
that there and now I have a look who I
have in the red one I have a I have a
switch I love switch I have oh I have a
Priscilla
and a Clio I'll sorry I have a Clio
squidge who are laughs I have Gabby Hugh
I adore I not Priscilla so I'm going to
take them out to show you these are
really cool you can find them in your
local asda so that's where I found mine
there's Cleo pasilla I think internet
and squid and Gabby who is my absolute
fave out so that was my opening and
review on the moshi monster Christmas
presents and please stay tuned for my
openings on my other items and please
subscribe bye